DxDiagram update DataBinding section (#668)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Diagram/10 Data Binding/30 Hierarchical Array.md

    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Diagram/NodesArrayHierarchicalStructure/"
}

Use the [nodes.dataSource](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram/1%20Configuration/nodes/dataSource.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/nodes/#dataSource') option to bind the widget to a hierarchical object. 

Specify the following **required options**: [nodes.keyExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram/1%20Configuration/nodes/keyExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/nodes/#keyExpr'), [nodes.itemsExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram/1%20Configuration/nodes/itemsExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/nodes/#itemsExpr').

Do **not specify** the [nodes.parentKeyExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram/1%20Configuration/nodes/parentKeyExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/nodes/#parentKeyExpr') and [edges](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram/1%20Configuration/edges '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram/Configuration/edges/') options because they are a part of another binding mode.

> During the binding process, the widget creates a shape for every bound node and connectors between a node and its children. Note that edges are not maintained as entities in a data source, thus a detached connector disappears after rebinding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the binding process, the widget creates a shape for every bound node and all connectors that are between a node and its children. Note that the edges are not maintained as entities in a data source, thus the detached connector disappears after it is rebound.
```
